## 2021
I read lot of books this year. Target was of 100 but I am impressed of my progress nonetheless. 


1. Born for This: How to Find the Work You Were Meant to Do 
2. Atomic habits by James clear: I thought this books would be more scientific and wouldn't have any practical applications, but I was surprised, How practical everything mentioned in the book is. Everyone should read this.
3. The personal MBA
4. Rework(Jason fried)
5. The untethered soul the journey beyond yourself
6. You Are a Badass How to Stop Doubting Your Greatness and Start Living an Awesome Life
7. Zero to One Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future
8. Models Attract Women Through Honesty by mark manson
9. Purple cow
10. Refactoring UI
11. Good to great
12. Looking for Alaska by John Green
13. Paper Towns by John Green
14. The Fault in Our Stars by John Green
15. Turtles All the Way Down by John Green
16. Abundance of Katherine by John Green
17. Ready player one
18. Ready player two
19. The power of sub conscious mind
20. Think and grow rich
21. recursion(Blake crouch)
22. Dark matter(Blake crouch)
23. $100 startup
24. Four hour work week by tim ferris
25. Tribe of mentors by tim ferris
26. Tools of titans by tim ferris
27. The magic of thinking big
28. Designing your life  by Bill Burnett and Dave Evans
29. How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big Kind of the Story of My Life
30. The non designers handbook
31. The Art of Work
32. The Design of Everyday Things
33. Rich dad poor dad
34. As a man thinketh
35. The mom test
36. The fountainhead
37. Project hail marry: Best Sci-fi that i read this year
38. I am the messenger
39. Show your Work(Kleon austin)
40. Steal like an artist(Kleon austin)
41. Man's search for meaning(Victor frankl)
42. How will you measure your life(Clayton M. Christensen)
43. Psychology of money(Morgan Housel): Insightful
44. Competing Against Luck (Clayton M. Christensen)


